Document UB in warp_match_all (#5658)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/libcudacxx/extended_api/warp/warp_shuffle.rst

**Constrains**

- ``Width`` must be a power of two in the range [1, 32]

> - ``T``: all ``T`` are allowed except if ``T`` is a pointer, in which case it must be a ``void`` pointer to avoid buggy programs.

Author: It'd be good to specify which sort of bugs this avoids.
I don't see any significant issue with allowing any pointers (*), so calling those out would have been helpful.

(*) Particularly since any type containing pointers - like smart pointers/references, iterators, ... - are allowed.

> - ``T``: all ``T`` are allowed except if ``T`` is a pointer, in which case it must be a ``void`` pointer to avoid buggy programs.

Author: ```suggestion
- ``T``: all ``T`` are allowed except if ``T`` is a pointer, in which case it must be a ``void`` pointer to avoid bug-prone code.
```
